Chairman: Maroje Luka Borsic

Note taker: Ciprian Stanciu

# TA Meeting - Week 6

Date: March 16th, 2021

### Mentions at the beginning:
- create agenda from meeting notes for weeks 2 through 4, and upload meeting notes for week 5.

### Highlighted what we did in week 5:
- finished the API for joining the room, sending messages, logging in ...
- fixes for the backend
- finalized teacher's view and student's view
- we are merging development into master today
- handed in the first draft for the design document

### Our goals for the next week:
- finalize the backend
- finishing the last view (assistant's view)
- review all the views, as a team, and then implement them into code completely
- converting all files into a single type (md, pdf, etc.)
- change all user stories into development issues

### Questions for the TA
- Technical issue from Cristian:
    Q: On the client side, do we have to use Spring for the client-server connections, or can we use Java http?
    A: Spring does have useful functions for this, but we are not forced to use Spring for this; so we can use anything as long as it works
- Question from Ismael
    Q: About the evaluation, is there a deadline for when the other group should do it?
    A: It depends on when we are done, but we should not leave it to the last moment as anything can happen. A week should be enough.

### Draft document
- it is good for the most part
- feedback HCI:
    for the HCI section, the introductory definition about HCI is not needed (remove it, if we need filler we can expand on the objective).
    the last sentence of the introduction is a bit conflicting, we should write in more definitive terms so we don't have to rewrite them for the final report
    the experts and methods are okay, but we can add "their expertise is roughly on the same level as yours" "these are not novice people they're actually experts" (add why they matter, why we should listen to them)
    else is fine
- feedback RespCS:
    reasonable balance between direct and indirect stakeholders
    slight typo with "ethnic" values instead of "ethic"
    it is important to make the distinction of why do we touch up on the value of security for the government specifically - we need to make it clear why we care about the governmnent specifi. and not the other since it is a common value to all the stakeholders
    "security is one of the basic needs of humanity" restated to match the rest of the text (philisophical -> technical)
    capitalization inconsistencies in the value hierarchy

### CTA Meeting:
- showed off what we have done so far (same as the TA meeting)
- we should keep in mind the features dropped in the last backlog (spam button?)
- no other CTA meeting after this one